Arcelor Mittal:ArcelorMittal S.A. is a Luxembourgish multinational steel manufacturing corporation headquartered in Luxembourg City. It was formed in 2006 from the takeover and merger of Arcelor by Indian-owned Mittal Steel.[3] ArcelorMittal is the second largest steel producer in the world, with an annual crude steel production of 88 million metric tonnes as of 2022.[5] It is ranked 197th in the 2022 Fortune Global 500 ranking of the world's largest corporations. It employs directly and indirectly 200,000 people and its market capital is $25 billion.[6] The total value of company assets is estimated to be around $100 billion.
 
Apple Inc.:Apple Inc. is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino, California. Apple is the world's largest technology company by revenue, with US$394.3 billion in 2022 revenue.[6] As of March 2023, Apple is the world's biggest company by market capitalization.[7] As of June 2022, Apple is the fourth-largest personal computer vendor by unit sales and second-largest mobile phone manufacturer. It is one of the Big Five American information technology companies, alongside Alphabet Inc. (parent company of Google), Amazon, Meta Platforms (formerly Facebook, Inc.), and Microsoft.
 
Facebook:Facebook is an online social media and social networking service owned by American technology giant Meta Platforms. Created in 2004 by Mark Zuckerberg with fellow Harvard College students and roommates Eduardo Saverin, Andrew McCollum, Dustin Moskovitz, and Chris Hughes, its name derives from the face book directories often given to American university students. Membership was initially limited to only Harvard students, gradually expanding to other North American universities and, since 2006, anyone over 13 years old. As of December 2022, Facebook claimed 2.96 billion monthly active users,[6] and ranked third worldwide among the most visited websites.[7] It was the most downloaded mobile app of the 2010s.[8]
 
Postman (software):Postman started in 2012 as a side project of software engineer Abhinav Asthana, who wanted to simplify API testing, while working at Yahoo Bangalore.[4] He launched Postman as a free app in the Chrome Web Store. As the app's usage grew, Abhinav recruited former colleagues Ankit Sobti and Abhijit Kane to help create Postman Inc. The three co-founders lead the company today, with Abhinav serving as CEO and Sobti as CTO.
 
